# Strict Restriction of European Data Protection Law on the Collection and Use of Personal Data by U.S. Tech Companies
In this document, I discuss two articles about the restriction of European Data Protection Law on U.S. Tech Companies' policies toward privacy controls.  One is in education and work, and the other is in advertising and social media.

## Article 1
In the New York Times' [How the Netherlands Is Taming Big Tech](https://www.nytimes.com/2023/01/18/technology/dutch-school-privacy-google-microsoft-zoom.html?searchResultPosition=1), Dutch government and educational organizations‘ tortuous negotiations with Big Tech companies, such as Google, Microsoft and Zoom, over students' data privacy are clearly described. At first, Google rejected Dutch demands to reduce risks to users. Faced with this situation, the Dutch government stated that if Google did not take action, Dutch schools would stop using Google's educational tools. After a series of meticulous investigations and strong requests of thr Netherlands, Google has developed new privacy measures and transparency tools, and other companies have also made corresponding adjustments. And also, Google is grateful for the Dutch government's support of their privacy efforts.

Regarding this event, I think that although the Netherlands has a relatively small population, they still have the right to guarantee their digital sovereignty in the face of huge technology companies. By doing this, the Netherlands sets an example for other countries, so as to jointly supervise the management of today's extremely insecure network environment. At the same time, it alleviates the situation of technological determinism, and makes society better realize that the role of technology still depends on human beings.

## Article 2
Related to the report above, the New York Times' [Meta’s Ad Practices Ruled Illegal Under E.U. Law](https://www.nytimes.com/2023/01/04/technology/meta-facebook-eu-gdpr.html?searchResultPosition=5) also talks about European law's regulation to the U.S. Tech Company. But this time, the target is Meta, a big social network service in the United States. Since Meta had illegally forced users to effectively accept personalized ads, it was fined 390 million euros ($414 million) as an alert and also punishment，and the European Union required it to quickly stop the leakage of more user information.

As a media technology company, Meta's business relies on advertising and user information, and the change would definitely cause them a huge loss. But overall, it is their fault to deliver users' personal data without users' permission. These articles are all about the protection of user privacy. But the first article is dedicated to reducing risks, especially for teenagers and the rigorous education; this article hopes to put an end to the abuse of user information. 
